User defined functions and reading routines can be placed into this folder.

Five major "constraints" govern the use of user defined functions in this folder.
The functions must meet all five criteria to be executed properly, otherwise errors may
occur.  A sample function, "funDSI_USR_copychans.m" is provided as an example.

Requirements:
1.  Files to run must be in functional form (unless they are completely self-contained) and 
    follow the naming convention of "funDSI_USR_<namehere>.m" where the <namehere> portion can be
	the name of the user-defined call, but without any spaces.  For example, "funDSI_USR_median.m"
	could be a user-defined	function to compute the median inside the DSI toolbox.

2.	To properly execute, the first line of the "help" statement (e.g., what appears when "help funDSI_USR_median"
	is run) must contain the functional syntax and appropriate variables to pass for the function to work.  e.g.,
	for the funDSI_USR_median.m above, a "help funDSI_USR_median" would return:
	"[PSMsigsX,namesX,chankeyX]=funDSI_USR_median(PSMsigsX,namesX,chankeyX)"

3.	A "user friendly" description of the file is expected to be on the second line of the "help" statement.  This will
	be used for populating the menu of available choices, so it should be sufficient for a user to understand what this
	file does.  If a second line is not detected, the file name will simply be used.

4.	The functions primarily have access to the data inside the DSI Toolbox.  Calls to other functions and larger
	toolbox globals (such as the macro functionality) are not supported directly.  The user can attempt to use these,
	but their functionality is not guaranteed.  Variables available to the functions are:
		CFname			- Configuration file name for any data load operations.  If a user loading function is incorporated,
						  it is recommended that it populate this variable.
		CaseComR		- Log of actions done to this particular data set.  Could include data loads, any post-processing actions,
						  or generic information on model parameters.  This field is used to help reconstruct the process from which
						  the final result was produced.
		PSMreftimes		- Reference times for files loaded, in seconds since January 1, 1900.
		PSMtype			- Fundamental type of data loaded
		PSMfiles		- Tracking variable for any files loaded to create PSMsigsX.  If a user loading function is incorporated,
						  it is recommended that it populate this variable.
		PSMsigsX		- Data with individual channels being columns.  Column 1 is assumed to be time in seconds from PSMreftimes entry
						  number 1, which is encoded as seconds since January 1, 1900.
		chankeyX		- column numbers and channel names for various columns of PSMsigsX
		namesX			- channel names for various columns of PSMsigsX
		tstep			- Sampling timestep for data in PSMsigsX

5.	Only 98 user functions are supported.  Item 99 is reserved as the "quit back to the main PSMbrowser menu" call
